There are 3 types of buttong in html
1- Submit - to submit the form 
2- Reset - to reset the form 
3- normal buttong which are used for JS, jQuery...


Welcom File list
when a client send a request to our server for the first time the reques goest to index.html / index.jsp /index.php which is
already in our server (www.google.com) user has not specified the url using (/), this is a direction request with out sepicifying 
specific page , so the server sends the index.html(Server Homepage) as response.

so we can chage our project homepage (welcome page) by configuring the web.xml file.
we can do it by the help of welcome file list/tags
to make our own designed page as welcome page instead of index.html


RequestDispatcher is an interface

Deployment Descriptor (web.xml) it is one of the important files, we must configure it whenever we make any web 
projects using Java, it is created inside the WEB-INF folder.
this web.xml file contains configuration of java web application.
it is like a starting point or map for our application where to start and what to do.


What is Parameter and Attributes in Servlet:
Parameters: these are the values which are provided by user to any servlet to process the request during the request operations
The values submited by user to any servlet using the forms, are called parameters
of any values we put in web.xml and Servlet fetches it, this is also called parameters (initialization parameterS)
Servlet can only read the values for request processing, Servlet cant change values

Attributes: are the objects that are attached by one servlet to object(session,reques,config, context..etc) 
and other servlet can fetch that object to process the logic.
Attributes are values set by one servlet to an object (request, session...) and is get by other servlet
When Servlet1 gets a request it can process the request and put some values(attributes) to the Request object and send it 
to other servlet, servlet2 can fetch the values/attributes set by servlet1 and process it.

Parameters are values set by user to reques object , Attribute are values set by one servlet to object and fetched by other servlet

Servlet can easily modify, add and remove the content of attribute when required. but parameters cannot be changed by servlet
Attributes are for Servlets internal works/for servlets communications that is why the values are changeable by other servlet
